Basic Recipe Website Project

*Information Retention* - One worry I always had was quickly forgetting about the tags and attributes and being lost.
But building this project, I was able to learn most of the information taught in the lesson. I realized reading can only get you so far. It is actually the hands-on part that helps you retain the things you want to learn when it comes to coding. To just code and try hundreds of times and eventually it will become second nature. Do lots of repetitions and it will stick at some point. I guess experience really is the best teacher.

*Things I noticed that are different from the last time I built an HTML page* - I'm pretty familiar with HTML, I have played around with it some few years back after watching a Youtube tutorial. There are some differences I noticed from when I first started building basic pages.
First is the <!DOCTYPE html> tag in the first line. I don't remember ever needing to put a tag like that before. Another thing is the 'lang' part in <html lang="en">. I just remember using straight up <html></html> tags and then moving on to the contents of the page. Last is the 'meta' tag in <meta charset="utf-8">. I've never had any encoding-related tags in my HTMLs before so it's something new for me.

*Learnings* - I learned a lot just from this project alone. I relearned about HTML tags, elements, and attributes. I got to experience the workflow in Github. I got to polish my command line skills in Linux. Now I can create directories faster. Create files while not thinking about it as much unlike before where I'd pause for a bit to think about what commands to use.